Mention wildcard for RBAC resources and names (#36043)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac.md

For example, `kubectl get configmaps --field-selector=metadata.name=my-configmap`
{{< /note >}}

Rather than referring to individual `resources` and `verbs` you can use the wildcard `*` symbol to refer to all such objects.
For `nonResourceURLs` you can use the wildcard `*` symbol as a suffix glob match and for `apiGroups` and `resourceNames` an empty set means that everything is allowed.
Here is an example that 

```yaml

> apiVersion: rbac.authorization.k8s.io/v1

Reviewer: I would add a big “do not use this role it's an example” comment. As well as the caution callout.

(also, if people did want a similar role, they probably have `cluster-admin` built in).

Author: Ah yes good point - updated in https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/36043/files#diff-b39dd9c0a047fe6b4d12eb238bc7d66137d6828df7c3a03801c5d3e375ad8a42

Reviewer 2: looks good to me

kind: Role
metadata:
  namespace: default
  name: very-open-role
rules:
- apiGroups: [""]
  resources: ["*"]

>   resourceNames: [""]

Author: thanks - updated in https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/36043/files#diff-b39dd9c0a047fe6b4d12eb238bc7d66137d6828df7c3a03801c5d3e375ad8a42

>   name: very-open-role  # DO NOT USE THIS ROLE, IT IS JUST AN EXAMPLE

Reviewer 3: with the change below, you could rename this something like `example.com-superuser`

Author: ok - done in https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/36043/commits/1532bf25437052f50f8cbee973f86cedd1d4ffc3

> - apiGroups: [""]

Reviewer 3: to make this example role less dangerous, I'd suggest scoping it to an example API group, so it wouldn't actually grant access to real resources in practice:

```yaml
- apiGroups: ["example.com"]
  resources: ["*"]
  verbs: ["*"]
```

Author: good idea - done in https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/36043/commits/3de0d5b47d44f524c5de912bd3b4e7e5082b8c45

>   resourceNames: []

Reviewer 3: omit empty resourceNames

Author: ok - done in https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/36043/commits/3de0d5b47d44f524c5de912bd3b4e7e5082b8c45

  verbs: ["*"]
```

{{< caution >}}
Using wildcards in resource and verb entries could result in overly permissive access being granted to sensitive resources.

> For instance, if a new resource type is added the wildcard entry automatically grants access to that resource, which may be undesirable.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For instance, if a new resource type is added, or a new subresource is added, or a new custom verb is checked, the wildcard entry automatically grants access, which may be undesirable.
```
